Exhausted and hurt you worked through the night to patch up the hole in the ship to keep it from sinking. Captain Ahab told you he had some rewards for you back at his place for your help in the fight. As you all made way for a rest the ship shook violently and you approached the deck of the ship to see the waters had suddenly grown very violent. Then suddenly went completely still. A massive person with Carmel skin and black and purple tenacles rose from the water. Adamson recognized this person as Ursula. She cried out for Moby Dick having been killed and picked him up causing most of you to fall to the floor as the tethers from the ship broke free of Moby. She said she would take revenge for all the creatures "mortals had taken" and Captain Ahab said "I'll kill you!". With a flick of her wrist and a large amount of magic power she turned a school of flying manta rays into massive monster with elemental breath. Though your not sure where they all went you know at least one group headed towards Infernium. As you all stood there stunned a massive tidal wave hit the ship causing you all to lose consciousness. Adamson met with the tree of life Yggdrasil, Sleepy and Odin met with the Fickle fates three sisters who live in a cabin, and Stove who met a being who controlled a massive machine working to keep the planes from colliding who might also be his father? They told you that there was a vacuum of power and magic running rampant as gods have been dying after a deal they had made with a dragon. They told you that it seemed you and 22 others had been chosen to take their place assuming you lived long enough. After being reassured you weren't dead yet they sent you back to your bodies and giving you some gifts, a boon, to help you. you awoke on the destroyed ship seeing no crew or captain you and smoke rising into the sky from Infernium you decided to trek back to Mistveil and possibly meet up with the captain and crew, but he wasn't home. You headed into Mistveil where you quickly regained your migraines and learned that many more people have gone missing and it felt like most of the town had lost its will to live. You questioned some more people learning that fewer remembered the losses. You went back to Ahabs home and collected your gifts, but finding no sign of the old man. You went back to town and the church of the fickle fates and of course noticed more people had disappeared. You followed the blood and learned the blood was heading towards the obsidian cathedral. You hit the shops quick with a stop at the shop of many things you collected some new goodies and made a quick stop by Happily Ever After to sell some things where the interaction with Sleepy made the shop keep wary and locked the door. He submitted to wait outside until you guys had finished talking. You opened a few of your items from the shop of many things to learn what the faits had in store before following the blood to the cathedral. And that is where we are now