Having to deal with the death of Stove the crew started to leave the green tower with Adamson carrying Stove out of the cathedral. Sleepy was drawn to The Altar of Avarice to make a deal with a devil to save his friend and while Adamson was also drawn to it Odin and Adamson were against this idea and thought maybe they should head back to the Inn to find help or figure out what to do with the body. You searched a few more towers before deciding to leave and look for help for Stove. Stopping Sleepy from making the deal the group headed out, but didnt make it far before the desire to save Stove was to much and Sleepy broke away from the group and made his way back inside the Obsidian Cathedral. Adamson and Odin did there best to stop him. You headed back into the cathedral and set down Stoves body to check out the rest of the towers first and while you were away Stoves body vanished causing Sleepy to lose his mind and began running around the Cathedral looking for it with Adamson doing his best to keep up. Once Sleepy was sure that Stove was gone he bolted straight for the Altar which caused a rather suave devil to appear.  Upon his arrival he looked very displeased and kept muttering that he wasn't supposed to be here yet. He asked what kind of deal you were trying to make Sleepy asked him to save his friend and Adamson asked for his name, Zalost the second hand king. He agreed to make the deal, but warned of a war that was coming and said his terms were that Sleepy would agree to fight for him in it. Sleepy agreed signing a contract with his blood. As soon as the contract was signed he pressed a button on his pocket watch and time began to rewind until Stove was back with the crew. Sleepy decided not to tell Stove how he was saved and the rest of the crew played along. You searched the towers once again finding some pages from a book a couple vials of acid and a secret passage down under the green tower. You came across strange holes in the wall on the way down the spiral stairs and found a large door surrounded by gems and an inscription above the door "The Queen demands her tribute, in the order of her Law. Failure to honor the scale of Avarice is to welcome her full Maw." After using an Excerpt from  The Infernal War Book of Azazel  and Adamson mentioning that the gems were backwards from the towers, and a lot of explosions of elemental damage you were finally able to open the door and found a large 5 headed creature with the heads of humans with black sunken in eyes and sharp teeth that stop them from  fully closing their mouths. As this creature turns towards you you feel your heads begin to throb and Stove seems to be the only one who reacts to this thing in front of you as the rest of you see an empty room. 