Continuing towards Mistveil you ran into a rainbow staircase where [[Odin Steelwing|odin]] warned of side quests. [[Sleepy]] ran up the stairs and the rest of you followed shortly after inspecting the glass horses and crystal carriage that were on pedastals at the bottom. You came to a strange room where you meet Lady Celest the "blue fairy" the famous fairy that gave life to pinochio. She offered you food and asked you to find the group of humans who came before you and took her Astral Focus. You agreed making a Fae pact with her, when you asked what would happen if you didnt follow through with getting back her focus she warned that you would be making an enemy of not only her, but also all of her domain. She offered you transportation in exchange for helping her. She told you that the last place she knew where her focus was is in a place called [[Frostlight]] the capital city of the [[Kingdom of Spades]]. You continued on towards mistveil running into some screaming roses. A weird sock in the road. A shambling humanoid who begged [[Stove]] to kill them. When [[Stove]] removed the curse placed upon them a demon jumped out and demanded payment for the person. [[Stove]] said no and the Demon began to attack you all. [[Adamson]] offered money in exchange and the Demon said 100 soul coins a soul for a soul to which you couldnt afford. The demon caused fear in your hearts as you ran away from it [[Stove]] summoned the berserkers to help in the fight causing most of them to run away as well. [[Sleepy]] was able to get some attacks in before fleaing from the demon and [[Adamson]] was able to strike the demon and root it in place allowing you all to pick it off slowly. Eventually you were able to wear it down before it was able to quell its rage as it chased after [[Sleepy]] gaining a ring of protection and a powerful cursed mace 

#recap 