The group met up with Thatcher in the morning after learning that [[Garp]] had forgotten Birdy. You floated up the tower with Thatcher as [[Nijya]] and [[Kookush Mamawaseasak|Kookush]] saw memories of theirs here in the tower. One where [[Nijya]] first met her familiar Iago and another where [[Kookush Mamawaseasak|Kookush]] first met his "friend" a small gnome who obliterated a chunk of forest and a handful of golems chasing him down. 

You after eating a meal of mold, mushrooms, and stale bread, finally met [[Lady Seraphina]]. She told you she wasn't sure, but [[The First Chord]] most likely is in the [[Lands of the Lost]] a place that even time has forgotten. Where the [[weather]] is treacherous time is different and strange creatures call it home. She offered [[Tumblesteeds]] to help you travel since you are now one of her "subjects" she felt obligated to help you. 

She offered you the opportunity to stay and she would keep you safe, but would result in you turning into [[Dustlings]] over time. [[Garp]] at first accepted her offer and saw another memory of Coralie whom he met at The Drunken Compass a pub he frequented back when he lived in [[Shadows Haven]]. She asked if you needed anything else for your trip where you asked for some food for the journey and she obliged. 

[[Garp]] then said you should tie her to [[Nijya]]'s broom and take her with you where Thatcher adamantly declined and said [[Lady Seraphina]] needed to stay so they could protect her. You offered to "remember her" when you leave [[The Shifting Veil|the veil]] to help her, asking what would happen if you were able to she told you "I suppose I'd finally be able to leave this place". Leaving the tower [[Nijya]] pulled Thatcher aside and said "You know you telling us to stay is basically telling us to go and kill ourselves" he was confused how you went from stay and be safe equating to telling you to kill yourselves and he and [[Nijya]] parted ways on "terms" with him sending you off saying "Ok I guess have fun going to kill yourselves then" leaving you with the [[Tumblesteeds]] and flying away.

You set off and [[Kookush Mamawaseasak|Kookush]] leading the pack got a bit distracted once getting to the [[Lands of the Lost]] and headed the team into some strange [[weather]] where the lightning lit up in rainbows causing our spell casters to have some small mishaps while trying to defend themselves in a fight against some dust humanoids. With many ups and downs the team was able to fight off these creatures. As the party went to heal [[Fynn]] another wolf like creature was creeping up on him when a tall goliath of a man wearing golden gloves came from nowhere and punched the beast instantly turning it to dust. 

And that's where we are now.