Heading into the ruins you realized a simple overlooked issue. Light. It seemed everyone in the party had darkvision except the newest addition [[Jersey Sphinx]]. After spending a few minuets scrambling in the darkness you found a torch lit it and handed it to Jersey. And set off heading south. You came across a room with sleeping raptors who woke upon the arrive of the light from the torch. You battled against the raptors each with its own elemental breath [[Garp]] tried talking to the white raptor and [[Fynn]] translated "I will die for my Queen Tiamat" capturing one and killing the others. you decided to head further south finding yourself in a large room with an obsidian statue of a five headed dragon. Each head housed a gem in its mouth when [[Kookush Mamawaseasak]]] cast identify on the gem it absorbed his spell activating the others after the gems stopped glowing raptors jumped from the murals on the walls and attacked though you were able to quickly dispatch them without much incident. Using you wits you were able to meet the 5 required damage types and awoke the statue causing a massive green energy to flow from the statue into the ceiling and beyond. As this happened [[Garp]] was inhabited by a spectral red dragon who told you of its old memory and how the gods unable to help asked for a favor from Tiamat who was amused and agreed on the condition the old gods never set foot on the plane after or interfered with mortal affairs to which the gods agreed. The dragons threw themselves into the cataclysm at the word of Tiamat. Causing them to cease existing as dragons, but giving life to a new creature the giant mantas that are now commonplace in the skies of Eureka. As the memory faded and [[Garp]] returned to normal you felt the ground beneath your feet begin to shake and tremble.

And that is where were are now.
