When going to help [[Fynn]] you were met with a new person a goliath wearing golden boxing gloves named Jersey Sphinx. You learned a bit about him and upon telling him that you were searching for the [[The First Chord]] he ended up telling you about a wall of dust that he had encountered, but never ventured beyond. You all traveled to the dust wall held hands and walked through finding yourselves in a massive jungle with old ruins acting as massive sentinels watching over the world below.  Venturing into the city [[Kookush Mamawaseasak]] choose to be a sneaky boy and watch over the party from afar while everyone else headed in. [[Nyja]] cast Comprehend Languages and began to understand the people around her she saw most people were buying and selling goods and foodstuffs and the group decided to go shopping. [[Garp]] went to get a drink from a near by food stall while the rest of the crew went to check out a busy stand selling what seemed like regular items when the Eladrin behind the counter told you that she sold fate. When [[Nyja]] asked if they were allowed to check out the items the Eladrin told you it would be a waste of time since the items don't take form until they are broken, but you were welcome to. 

[[Garp]] meet a strange robot that was manning the food stall and through gestures was able to order a drink a mug of a strange green ooze that only a sip caused him to become very drunk and later was found out to be some kind of fuel for the small transporters taking goods about. The group left the shop and headed over to Garp and learned of a strange crystal that was able to let willing creatures exchange memories while doing the action. Allowing for the party to learn the many languages of Bytopia. You went shopping for some new armor, bought a couple potions and sold some items. Fynn tried to steal a couple potions from the stone golem you had been dealing with when he tried the clockwork bee on the nearby table began flashing lights and making noise alerting the golem to the theft attempt. The golem grew in size and went to reach for Fynn when he tried pleading that it was a mistake a small golem headed off to talk with a person in an orange jumpsuit and mechanical exoskeleton. The golem told Fynn to walk away now before he changed his mind. 

Before heading off to the ruins you grabbed a few items from the strange shop selling fate. You broke your items triggering them outside the ruins with a verity of effects. Gaining a key with 3 charges of the knock spell, summoning creatures that attacked you, gaining temp HP, temp AC. You prepared yourselves to head into the ruins.

And that is where we are now.