You took a short rest passing around the egg figuring it was dead having been out of the water for so long. The ground shook and a whistle blew. You headed to the entrance to the ruins to investigate the trap you had placed and decided to poke your heads out of the entrance where you saw a new light had joined the others and Devils were flying towards another ruin. Jersey recognized one of the devils as Zalost the second hand king. Jersey told you that Zalost (the second hand king ruler of the 6th layer of hell) has been one of the demons who had tortured his dad and turned him into a monster. The group decided to take a long rest and chase after the devils when you awoke the raptor was able to break out of the rope and readied itself to attack. Jersey made quick work of it before heading off. You got the crystal ruins when you planned to wait out side and make some traps. During that time the devils had activated the ruins causing the the pyramids to rise from the earth destroying the market. You quickly strung up a bolder to drop on them and got into position. You waited several hours and they didn't return. You decided to toss the boulder into the entrance with a sharp shot from Garp. Causing a slight cave in and the entrance to collapse. You headed to the large newly formed pyramid in the center and climbed, but before that Fynn rummaged through the debris looing for anything to help with the fight to come. Finding a vorpal sword. You headed into the pyramid finding rotten food stuffs and a long abandoned kennel. In the kennel you found a heavy cloak (elven chain) which you gave to Nijya. Nijya flew down a long dark hallway and ran into some chain demons. During the ensuing fight the demons laid in wait after Nijya cast Hunger of Hidar in the hallway you all forged down the path attacking them. In the ensuing fight and after a few missed punched Jersey was knocked out. You were able to finish off the last chain devil. 
And that is where we are now.