Alright so last time a lot of things happened. You found the secret compartment in the kennel that was holding some armor that was given to Garp. While exploring the kennel a few of you noticed that suddenly the ruins sounded and felt empty as if every living thing had disappeared. You chose to use that time to rest and take watches. While Neighya was on watch Zalost came to check on you guys again. She put her hand over her mouth telling Zalost to be quite and he gestured to you to follow him down the hall. He told you he was surprised you didn't take advantage of his sudden disappearance and Neighya informed him that you were just getting ready for the fight he offered a shit eating grin and wave of his hand and with "Now I think your finally starting to understand" disappeared down the hallway checking his pocket watch.  After a brief encounter with some strange bloodied zombies later in the night you were finally able to get in your rest.  Continuing on you headed north and stumbled upon a decaying body that was covered in mushrooms. The crew decided to have Kookush harvest them and upon his blade touching them the mushrooms reacted causing the body to come back to life and spewing spores all over you. Causing Fynn to briefly join the zombies, but was able to snap out of it. Jersey on the other hand was not so lucky and was knocked unconscious since the crew wasn't able to snap him out of the spores mind control. During this fight more and more spore zombies began forming almost wrecking the party and Jersey somehow was excited about knocking out his friends even though he was under the spores control. You continued on through the ruins finding statues of a few gods Gond the god of the forge, Tiamat the god of all dragons and destruction, Kryshal god of clarity, The Mother of the Veil, Umbrus god of the void, and the fickle fates. You each choose and offered tribute to a god gaining boons from them before heading further into the ruins. As the clock ticks you forge on looking for the first chord and revenge for Jersey against Zalost. 