Last time the three remaining hero's came too in a strange lab meeting an even stranger person. An elven woman named Elara Nightbloom Who seemed to expect your return. She handed each of you buckets and you began throwing up dark liquid as if on cue Kookush returned to his normal skin color as he threw up the strange substance. Memories began flooding back into your minds as you handed over the lute to Elara and she sent it off somewhere to Z10 in a pneumatic tube. And asked where Nighya was. You informed her that you weren't sure what had happened to her she was there one moment and gone the next. While you tried asking questions you were hurried off to the airship docks and meet S. Licer a strange man who talks with his sword. As you stood there talking with you watched as a strange bright light came crashing down on one of the Giant Manta rays attacking Grimhold a few of you noticed that the strange white light was surrounding a person. As they collided with the giant manta a blast wave spread out from the impact and you headed to check it out on the airship. Arriving at the location a woman lay lying on the ground as strange creatures on the Manta's back began to swarm her. You fought them off and headed back to the air ship. With Silvia now joining the crew the Manta's began leaving the city and made their way out to see you decided to follow in the airship ready to attack if they did so. You followed them for several days as the normal seas began to boil suddenly the seas went oddly calm as and a small woman with tentacles for legs came out of the waters and grew until her head touched the clouds. Holding out a hand to the Mantas that returned she seemed to absorb the strange purple energy from them causing them to return to normal as she once again returned to the seas. Silvia began talking with her flower as S. Licer began talking with their sword Garp and Kookush became concerned, but chose to do nothing about it. Kookush spent some time working on a secret project on the journey home. Upon arriving back at Grimhold you saw several of the Mantas corpses lay about the edge of the city and chose to investigate. You landed nearby and set out to check the body of this creature trying to understand the strange power that the creature held you saw on the back of the Manta swarms of creatures who upon your approach began to get ready to attack you tried feeding them by throwing rations to which one of the random slugs ate up as it cleaned the back of the Manta. Kookush climbed onto the back of the Manta and was immediately attacked the rest of you joined him and were quickly dispatching the strange creatures as more continued to approach. Silvia grabbed a slug and you all retreated. And that is where we are now.