Finishing out our journey to Elysia the group discovered a very nice sock that produced water. The 1980's nuclear family ad that ended up causing damage to Garp and Fynn. And a weird creature that took the form of Iago Nyja's bird that lives in the lamp. Which turned out to be some weird creature after you quickly dispatched it Garp and Fyn ended up covered in a weird goop that kept sticking to them and only spread when attempted to be removed. We finally arrived in Elysia where you were met with strange creatures. Your curiosity got the better of you and Garp decided to steal some fur from a nearby barn that was shearing [[Tumblesteeds]] these weird creatures that ate motes of light. You made your way to Spire in the center of town meeting another new face Thatcher. At first everyone fought the spell cast and thatcher simply began to walk away causing Nyja to quicky interject that they will allow the spell to be cast. After speaking with Thatcher in your heads you learned: The affliction that was affecting birdy would continue until she looked like him since no one remembered her. Lady Seraphina rules this land. Kookoosh and Nyja are heading towards becoming the same type of being as Thatcher. After some debating between Kookush and Nyja you decided to hold off on using your echo shards and wait until the disease got worse before using them. Thatcher told you that you could speak with Lady Seraphina the next day and offered you room and board at a local in. Garp choose to go to the bar and drink while Kookush, Nyja, and Fin went out to inspect the local flora and ate some mushrooms learning there effects. 

#recap 