After defeating the Chain Demons you heard someone approaching and all ducked to hide away from the devil known as Zalost. You communicated through whiteboards and hand signals to let them pass and not attack until they do something. Zalost ended up turning around and heading back out from where he came. Garp and Fynn looted the chain devils and Fynn was wrapped in chains that burned and seared into him turning into tattoos across his body. Kookush cast identify on him and learned that the chains and Fynn's soul had become entwined currently removing them would cause Fynn's death. Heading out you ran into some interesting crystallin bugs that interacted oddly with magic and exploded upon death. One stuck to Kookush and Jersey tried to help them remove it by killing causing Kookush to take a bunch of damage also reflecting a bit of magic damage back at Neighya and Fynn as they attacked. You then found a mushroom farm and collected a bunch thanks to Kookush's skill with plants. After that you found an old armory and began looking over the items they swarmed together forming golems made of weapons, armor, and shields. Jersey was able to enable his octo-arms and stun the golems, while everyone else focused on damage. Fynn at the last moment crit and chopped of the head of the golem. You found a bunch of new gear from eyes of the egal and potions to amulets of health. Zalost appeared in the door way and said that he wasn't there to fight since most of you looked worse for ware and he wasn't interested in fighting you like that. He did however do his best to push Jersey into fighting him and tried to rile up Garp and said that you all were running from something. He called out Jersey for the death of his friends and the city that had built together. Neighya couldn't help herself and thought that Zalost was trying their best to make sexual innuendos. Zalost left without incident. Neighya trying to figure out the time licked the wall and Fynn joined in, but learned nothing. You rested up a bit then continued on. Running into another caged area and a hall filled with blood. Fynn used his wand of secrets to find anything hidden nearby and was pulled back to the cage, but it was already to late the blood had come to life and tried to trap you all in the hallway. But you all were able to dispatch them quickly at the cost of Fynn falling unconscious a few times from the blood as it swirled around him sucking the blood from his body. You were able to save him and took another short rest before setting out to the kennel to find what lies in hiding while Neighya was trying to figure out how to accomplish a long rest. The clock continues to tik tik tik away while you continue through the ruins sure to run into more challenges. 