You guys headed outside and inspected the light and sounds coming from the ground. [[Fynn]] learned that the light was some kind of energy that reminded him of when druids cast spells, but he was unfamiliar with what kind of magic it was. [[Garp]] shot into the light and his bullet disappeared once it entered the light. You theorized that it must be a portal and more than likely [[Garp]] "Merked someone on the other side". [[Nijya]] put her hand to the ground and felt the rumble and theorized that it might be gears turning underground. As you were inspecting the light another beam of light from one of the ruins shot off and joined the one from yours and started creating a ball of energy above the market. You headed back into the ruins and continued from where you left off, you found a room with a large pool of water heading into it with the help of [[Fynn]] and him casting water breathing on the group [[Garp]] saw way down in the pool a mound of green raptors sleeping. [[Kookush Mamawaseasak|Kookush]] cast invisibility on Garp and he headed down to see what they were possibly guarding. He was able to see a green glowing egg at the center of them, he daringly reached in to take it and was miraculously able to swipe it without waking the raptors. You guys ran out of the room and into a new room with a small obsidian statue of Tiamat and [[Jersey Sphinx]] noticed that the mural on the wall was moving. You decided to throw Glimmer into the mural and when they didn't come back out you all decided to jump in. After being stuck in for hours Kookush noticed that there were small separations on the necks of Tiamat and knocked the heads back making them look like they were chopped off finally releasing the party from the wall. Taking some damage on the ejection you continued to explore and found a small treasure room that was actually full of mimics. After being hurt you were able to defeat the mimics and got a scroll of lightning dragons breathe and the "mimicoins and mimotions" you headed to the next room and as you entered the ground beneath your feet began to rumble much harder this time. 
And that is where we are now. 